Add telemetry export steps (#312)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/performance/telemetry.md

| `dbInfo.idb_attachment_format` | The format of database attachments. |
| `dbInfo.db_name` | The name of the local database. |
| `dbInfo.auto_compaction` | Whether or not auto compaction is set. |
| `dbInfo.adapter` | The database adapter being used. |

## Export data to JSON

> While you can view the telemetry in the database with a tool like [Fauxton](https://couchdb.apache.org/fauxton-visual-guide/), you may also want to export the data to JSON to further analyze or visualize it.  To do so:

Reviewer: I'd either remove the fauxton bit, or guide folks to how/where to see telemetry data in fauxton.

```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" %}}
Telemetry data can be viewed directly in your browser with [Fauxton](https://couchdb.apache.org/fauxton-visual-guide/) at `https://{{CHT_INSTANCE_URL}}/_utils`, and navigating the `medic-users-meta` database.
{{% /alert %}}

Follow the steps below to export all telemetry in JSON for further analysis or visualization:
```

Author: Ah - the "note" is a nice touch - thanks! Fixed in 23e949b

1. `cd` to a directory where you want to run the export script

> 1. Ensure all that both [`node`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) are installed and that the needed `node` libraries are installed: `npm install inquirer pouchdb-core fs path minimist pouchdb-adapter-http`

Author: I agree that a `package.json` would be good, but I think it should be w/ the `get_users_meta_docs.js` in `cht-core`, so let's skip it for now and just ensure it's in the newly added prerequisites - done! (per b494c5a)

> 1. Ensure all that both [`node`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) are installed and that the needed `node` libraries are installed: `npm install inquirer pouchdb-core fs path minimist pouchdb-adapter-http`

Reviewer: Sounds good. Fixing a minor typo:

```suggestion
1. Ensure that both [`node`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) are installed and that the needed `node` libraries are installed: `npm install inquirer pouchdb-core fs path minimist pouchdb-adapter-http`
```

1. Get a current copy of the script: `curl -s -o get_users_meta_docs.js https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medic/cht-core/master/scripts/get_users_meta_docs.js`

> 1. Using your CouchDB admin username (`USERNAME`), password (`PASSWORD`) and server URL (`COUCH_DB_SERVER`), run this command: `$ node scripts/get_users_meta_docs.js --mode batch --type telemetry https://USERNAME:PASSWORD@COUCH_DB_SERVER/medic-users-meta > telemetry.json`

Author: cool cool - sample added in 09b4d3b

> This will save a file named `telemetry.json` containing all the telemetry data in the current directory. If you do this exporting regularly, you can skip steps 2 and 3.  

Author: Agreed! Fixed in b494c5a

| `dbInfo.idb_attachment_format` | The format of database attachments. |
| `dbInfo.db_name` | The name of the local database. |
| `dbInfo.auto_compaction` | Whether or not auto compaction is set. |
| `dbInfo.adapter` | The database adapter being used. |

## Export data to JSON

{{% alert title="Note" %}}
Telemetry data can be viewed directly in your browser with [Fauxton](https://couchdb.apache.org/fauxton-visual-guide/) at `https://{{CHT_INSTANCE_URL}}/_utils`, and navigating the `medic-users-meta` database.

> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: Do you need an empty line after the close of the alert to display well in Hugo?

Author: I checked and it works any which way. As it is now:

```
and navigating the `medic-users-meta` database. 
{{% /alert %}}
Follow the steps below to export all telemetry in JSON for further analysis or visualization:
```

With an extra line:

```
and navigating the `medic-users-meta` database. 
{{% /alert %}}

Follow the steps below to export all telemetry in JSON for further analysis or visualization:
```

With no line extra lines:

```
and navigating the `medic-users-meta` database. {{% /alert %}}Follow the steps below to export all telemetry in JSON for further analysis or visualization:
```

Unless there's a best practice I'm missing, I'll keep it as is!

Author: Actually...an extra line after the `{{% /alert %}}` does indeed make it more legible in code ;)

Follow the steps below to export all telemetry in JSON for further analysis or visualization:

1. Open a command line terminal in the directory where you want to save the export files
1. Ensure all that both [`node`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) are installed and that the needed `node` libraries are installed: `npm install inquirer pouchdb-core fs path minimist pouchdb-adapter-http`

> 1. Get a current copy of the script: `curl -s -o get_users_meta_docs.js https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medic/cht-core/master/scripts/get_users_meta_docs.js` 

Reviewer: First mention of the script, so worth noting what script it is:

```suggestion
1. Get a current copy of the export script: `curl -s -o get_users_meta_docs.js https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medic/cht-core/master/scripts/get_users_meta_docs.js` 
```

> 
> Then to export the data run this command, replacing `USERNAME`, `PASSWORD`, `COUCH_SERVER` and `COUCH_PORT`  with your own values: `node get_users_meta_docs.js --mode batch --type telemetry https://USERNAME:PASSWORD@COUCH_DB_SERVER:COUCH_PORT/medic-users-meta > telemetry.json`. 

Reviewer: I would expect this to be step 4. Also minor fixes to keep the vars consistent.
```suggestion
1. To export the data run this command, replacing `USERNAME`, `PASSWORD`, `COUCHDB_SERVER` and `COUCHDB_PORT`  with your own values: `node get_users_meta_docs.js --mode batch --type telemetry https://USERNAME:PASSWORD@COUCHDB_SERVER:COUCHDB_PORT/medic-users-meta > telemetry.json`. 
```

> 1. Open a command line terminal in the directory where you want to save the export files
> 1. Ensure that both [`node`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) are installed and that the needed `node` libraries are installed: `npm install inquirer pouchdb-core fs path minimist pouchdb-adapter-http`
> 1. Get a current copy of the export script: `curl -s -o get_users_meta_docs.js https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medic/cht-core/master/scripts/get_users_meta_docs.js` 
> 
> To export the data run this command, replacing `USERNAME`, `PASSWORD`, `COUCHDB_SERVER` and `COUCHDB_PORT`  with your own values: `node get_users_meta_docs.js --mode batch --type telemetry https://USERNAME:PASSWORD@COUCHDB_SERVER:COUCHDB_PORT/medic-users-meta > telemetry.json`.  

Reviewer: Opening the terminal doesn't need to be stated as a prerequisite. It is fine to include as a step if running the export is an explicit step 4, but as it is now I would just remove this step all together, and add a note to the export line. Given that there is an example, I don't think you need to explicitly state all the vars either. 

Also, I don't think we have anything in the doc style guide, but it is nice to have commands on a separate line to make it easier to read and copy & paste.

```suggestion
1. Ensure that both [`node`](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [`npm`](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) are installed and that the needed `node` libraries are installed: `npm install inquirer pouchdb-core fs path minimist pouchdb-adapter-http`
1. Get a current copy of the export script: `curl -s -o get_users_meta_docs.js https://raw.githubusercontent.com/medic/cht-core/master/scripts/get_users_meta_docs.js` 

To export the data open a terminal in the folder where you want to save the export, and run this command:
 `node get_users_meta_docs.js --mode batch --type telemetry https://USERNAME:PASSWORD@COUCHDB_SERVER:COUCHDB_PORT/medic-users-meta > telemetry.json` 
```

> For example, if your user was `admin`, your password was `pass`, your server was `localhost` and your port was `5984`, you would run `bash
> node get_users_meta_docs.js --mode batch --type telemetry https://admin:pass@localhost:5984/medic-users-meta > telemetry.json`

Reviewer: Keep in present if possible. Also, you use `bash` here, but not in the steps above... is it needed?

```suggestion
Keep in present if possible and code line on its own line. Also, you use `bash` here, but not in the steps above... is it needed?

```suggestion
For example, if your user is `admin`, your password is `pass`, your server is `localhost`, and your port is `5984`, you would run the following:
`node get_users_meta_docs.js --mode batch --type telemetry https://admin:pass@localhost:5984/medic-users-meta > telemetry.json`
```
